Update Dex OIDC docs with CAPA EKS cluster changes (#2190)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/vintage/advanced/access-management/configure-dex-in-your-cluster/index.md

  issuerAddress: https://dex.test.example.io
```

> **IMPORTANT:** For workload cluster using CAPI `eks` provider (CAPA - AWS EKS), you'll need to configure Athena to use AWS-assigned EKS API server endpoint. This API server endpoint is uniquely allocated to your EKS cluster and can be easily accessed through the AWS EKS console by navigating to "Overview" tab and under Details section from the EKS cluster information page. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** For workload cluster using [Cluster API `EKS`](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-eks) provider, you'll need to configure Athena to use an AWS-managed EKS API server endpoint. This API server endpoint is uniquely allocated to your EKS cluster and can be easily accessed through the AWS EKS console by navigating to the `Overview` tab and under the `Details` section from the EKS cluster information page. For example:
```
